chore: add PSA to v1.8.0 (#10339)
longhorn/longhorn: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.8.0.md

For more information about release-related terminology, see [Releases](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn#releases).

> [!WARNING]

> > The Longhorn team has identified an incorrect Longhorn image tag in the [deployment manifest](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v1.8.0/deploy/longhorn.yaml) and the [Helm chart](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v1.8.0/chart/values.yaml#L40-L65) ([Issue #10336](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10336)). The expected tag for Longhorn `v1.8.0` images is `v1.8.0`, but it was mistakenly set to `v1.8.x-head`.
> > If you installed or upgraded Longhorn using the deployment manifest or the Helm chart from https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn, you can follow the steps to correct the images:
> >
> > Resolution Steps
> > - For new installations:
> >   Manually replace `v1.8.x-head` with `v1.8.0` in the deployment manifest or the Helm chart before deploying Longhorn.
> >
> > - For existing installations upgraded to v1.8.0:
> >   Update the tag from `v1.8.x-head` to `v1.8.0` in the deployment manifest or Helm chart.
> >   Upgrade the Longhorn system and update the engine image for volumes using `v1.8.x-head`.
> >
> > If you installed or upgraded Longhorn using the [Longhorn Helm repository](https://charts.longhorn.io), this issue does not affect your installation and upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> An incorrect Longhorn image tag (`v1.8.x-head`) was used in the [deployment manifest](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v1.8.0/deploy/longhorn.yaml) and the [Helm chart](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v1.8.0/chart/values.yaml#L40-L65). The correct tag for Longhorn v1.8.0 images is `v1.8.0`. For more information, see [Issue #10336](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10336). 
>
> If you installed or upgraded Longhorn using the deployment manifest or the Helm chart from the [main Longhorn repository](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn), perform the following actions to resolve the issue:
>
> - **New installations**: Replace `v1.8.x-head` with `v1.8.0` in the deployment manifest or the Helm chart before deploying Longhorn.
>
> - **Upgrades**: Replace `v1.8.x-head` with `v1.8.0` in the deployment manifest or Helm chart. Next, upgrade the Longhorn system and update the engine image for volumes that use `v1.8.x-head`.
>
> This issue does not affect installations and upgrades performed using the [Longhorn Helm repository](https://charts.longhorn.io).
```
